README.md: add troubleshooting section (#145)
knurling-rs/probe-run: README.md

## Troubleshooting

### `probe-run --list-probes` says "No devices were found."

Apart from a faulty connection between your computer and the target device, this could be caused by several things:

#### [Linux only] udev rules haven't been set

In order for `probe-run` to find the device you'd like to run your code on, your system needs permission to access the device as a non-root user.

In order to grant these permissions, you'll need to add a new set of udev rules.

To learn how to do this for the nRF52840 Development Kit, check out the [installation instructions](https://embedded-trainings.ferrous-systems.com/installation.html?highlight=udev#linux-only-usb) in our embedded training materials.

#### No external or on-board debugger present

To use `probe-run` you need a "probe" (also known as "debugger") that sits between your PC and the microcontroller.

Most development boards, especially the bigger ones, have a probe "on-board": If the product description of your board mentions something like a J-Link or ST-Link on-board debugger you're good to go. With these boards, all you need to do is connect your PC to the dev board using a USB cable you are all set to use `probe-run`!

> If this is *not* the case for your board, check if the datasheet if it exposes exposes SWD or JTAG pins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is *not* the case for your board, check in the datasheet if it exposes exposes SWD or JTAG pins.
```

> If this is the case, you can connect a "stand alone" probe device to the microcontroller and then connect the probe to your PC via USB. Some examples of stand alone probes are: the ST-Link and the J-Link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If they are exposed, you can connect a "stand alone" probe device to the microcontroller and then connect the probe to your PC via USB. Some examples of stand alone probes are: the ST-Link and the J-Link.
```
